
use real life use cases to determine domains for domain driven design
write user stories

 Devally "Helping you Find a technical co-founder"

Potential Features

advertise your project to find team members. includes (email blast to users with roles your seeking, shows up as featured projects)
scrum board on project page
list repository
walk customer through SDLM steps. How to manage and run a team
Article section on how to develop site,saas, ecom etc.

Potential Issues

quality of developers! Do we vet them?
Security

GREAT ADVICE FROM INDUSTRY PROFESSIONALS

ANALYTICS!! MUST HAVE KNOW WHERE YOUR USERS SPEND THE MOST TIME AND DON'T.

TODOS
Get MVP out ASAP
Get initial Users
Talk to users and get feedback
iterate (Improve the product)

Lean MVP
Very fast to build (weeks not months) - landing page and form
Very limited functionality
Appeal to a small set of users ( not every possible user)
Base to iterate from


Remember launch is only a big deal for you not for your users.


TO FINISH FOR LAUNCH 
    handle background colors with the new max width for all pages
    X if we are removing flat rate for time being. remove it from everywhere payment type is displayed
    add hover styles for modals. example get featured button
    add click event for apply on projects & project page for positions needed
    add click event for message on connection-cards and on developer profile page
    add click events for all buttons on homepage
    redesign dropdown for user avatar on website
    Where are we displaying Visionary Bio? Do we need it? How do we display both?
    X make route for projects go to user-app projects 
    X add click event for edit on the user-app projects page
    X change view on user-app projects page if user is not the project creator. FIX COLLAPSIBLE
    when creating & editing project need to be able to add positions to fill
    remove Is Featured radio and replace with a checkbox that displays the price to make their project featured
    Also add click event for modal at top of projects page for get featured to take user to payment and set project as featured upon payment verification
    add a search for invite connection on create/edit project page
    (do together) implement messaging functionality both on the user-app messaging page and on the site. 
    setup email notifications based on user settings
    send account verification email upon user signup
    (do together) handle horizontal positioning on user-app messaging page
    (do together) implement a payment provider (most likely stripe)
    complete visionary and developer homepage copy
    add content to site footer




The average cost to build a web app is 55k, $140,000 to build a mobile app. This is why many people quit before they even get started. Find a technical
co-founder/s to build your project. 

visionaries have industry specific knowledge. Understand the problem and can provide a solution. 

COMETCHAT - ACCOUNT # 291794cd22b09dc

EMAIL MARKETING
mailjet 
    username: jaybit email
    password: Thesuniswarm#33