Curious how others would answer these questions? There are 2 points of view to answer these question from. 
The person with the idea and the developer. Respond to the questions that apply to you with the question # 
and your answer.

1.As a founder what percentage would you offer a developer that could build your entire project.
2.As a founder what percentage would you offer a developer that could perform one of the multiple roles you need? (frontend, backend, graphic designer)
3.As a developer that could build the entire project yourself what percentage would you want to be a technical co-founder?
4.As a developer that could build a part of a project (frontend, backend, graphic designer) what percentage would you want to be a technical co-founder?
5.As a developer would you rather take a % of equity in a startup or charge a flat rate for your services?


If the technical founder is literally building the product and the sales founder isn't contributing until the 
product is at least functional, the only logical thing that makes sense is a 49/51 split at a minimum. An idea is 
pretty worthless on its own without the ability to execute or raise money.

Sales founder needs to do customer research pre-launch, VC prospecting, etc. I advocate for 50/50 unless sales 
guy is so gun, he already have pre-existing network to tap into then he should get more.

ever do 50/50, over has to have the ability to make the last call. even though it's already bad signal if you have 
to make a last call

The initial build isn't the biggest part of the work. It's the iteration and long term codebase and hopefully employees.

If you want to own a high percentage of the resulting business but can't build the product yourself, you should look 
into hiring a freelancer to build your whole product for you. I hope you have that kind of money.

If you're not going to go that route, you need to bring a lot more to the table than an idea. The market value of an 
is ~0. There will be a lot of hours of work that go into building your product. Your only hope to have a relatively 
high (e.g. 50%) ownership of this business is if you can execute in other ways, e.g. sales and marketing, raising money, 
something. A developer would probably put in 40 hrs/wk for months to build your product; you should ask yourself how you 
would usefully put that kind of time into making the business successful yourself.

Worth repeating: the idea itself is worth zero.

Recommend listening to How I built This on NPR. Especially the Canva or Calendly episodes for this exact situation

https://www.ycombinator.com/library/5x-how-to-split-equity-among-co-founders

Coding is not worth anything more than symbolic shares.

What you want is someone that will OWN and BE RESPONSIBLE for the success of the project. That person should get a high stake on a vested schedule that is tied to DELIVERING the project to specs, on time and on budget and keeping it alive going forward. If your technical co-founder is a software engineer that's great as that would be handy early on, but you should NOT value him/her based on his/her coding skills.
And I'm a software engineer by training.

Totally agree, being in co-founding/ founding position is the main driver factor of success. Personally, 
I think this also should be applied for the first five employees.
If you don't have that skill, you can learn in the process.
Basically, a coder has to learn how to do business and build product. A business person has to learn how to code
Are you willing to try new things to get task done or not?
Are you willing to push through when there is no hope but only you faith or not?
Are you willing to stay with the mission regarding countless rejections or not?
It is not about skills, but core values. I learned to code at age 14 till my 30 y/o.

you as a founder your idea alone not gonna give you half of the equity

Have been on both sides: Technical Co-founders and Founder
50/50 - Get them onboard and vested into the product and its success
0% a Technical Co-founders is the potential CTO, so he is responsible with the technical part of the product. So he should be able to build it alone or with a team. If he can't and is part of a Technical Co-founders team, I would give him a cut from the 50%
at least 50% - or more depending on the risk and the capabilities of the non Technical Co-founders and his achievements.
Don't know - probably money.
Similar to 3, depends on the risk. If I see the success of the Non Technical Co-founders, deals, contracts, customers and so on I would lean towards equity.
As a Non Technical Co-founder if I have a customer, contracts for cash flow on finished product, I would try to pay for the dev instead of %. It's easy to get money and pay for the dev if you have customers that are committed.


As a founder what percentage would you offer a developer that could build your entire project.
50/50 would be where I'd start. You're splitting something of zero current value. And any deviation from that should be 
based on the work being put into it. If you're both going to be dedicating similar time, experience and expertise to it, 
then 50/50 is appropriate. Otherwise, adjust accordingly.
As a developer that could build the entire project yourself what percentage would you want to be a technical co-founder?
As a developer who has built multiple profitable projects entirely and is currently a solo founder, I wouldn't have 
entertained anything other than an even split when I was considering what to work on next. I now regret not having a 
non-tech founder from the start; there's value in what you are offering as a partner. But my enthusiasm for a particular 
project and cofounder would have been far more about that person and their skills than it would have been about the 
specific idea.

If you find a developer who can build what you want, odds are they have a dozen ideas they could build up. You're not offering them a chunk of a valuable idea, you're offering them a partnership that could, with a lot of work and time, produce something intellectually and financially rewarding.

Check out the book "Slicing Pie". I'll never start another venture again without using that system. 
So easy and just makes sense

Close to 50% if I'm responsible for building the entire product. The execution is everything.

If they’re building it all, a few scenarios are possible. They’re also going to maintain it, in which case they get 
roughly equal cut of ownership as the rest of the founding team. If they’re not, you pay them. Equity is offered as
a way to keep someone around for the long haul so it doesn’t make sense for anyone as a payment for a temporary effort. 
I’m technical myself, but if I’m not building it myself, I’m not likely to maintain it either. So equity is the short 
answer. I wouldn’t offer any. If it’s a specialist role that we don’t keep around we hire a freelancer, if they are needed 
to the team then they come out of the technical cofounders equity cut but likely a small part and we pay them anyways. 
I don’t see a lot of logic in bringing on such a specialized development team before PMF.
Equal with other cofounders. It’s likely the other founders bring complementary skills to the table (in an ideal world).
This doesn’t describe a technical cofounder to me. It describes potentially an early employee. Equity is on the table but
much lower and no cofounder title. If you can’t build the entire thing yourself you’re not the right person for the 
founding team. The founding team needs to run lean. Depends on the startup. At this stage I need both unless 
it’s my idea or one I’m crazy passionate about. Even then I have bills to pay, so either I find a bunch to invest $ 
in it too so our founders get paid and there’s a defined runway, or we do it part time (I’m not a huge fan of this route).

We had exact scenario. I act as a product owner who do following things
Ideation, wireframing, feature roadmaps, market study and research
Sit with design team and finish of the UI, userflows and prototypes
Handover the prototypes to my co-founder who is a developer.
Get some early users, functional testing etc.
Design is done by paying to a 3rd party.
Co-founder ROle
To develop the product as given in prototype.
To maintain the code, documentation and deployment
Bug fixing. Technical support.
We share 50:50